Congratulations, you finished this course,
and you learned a lot about GitHub Actions therefore.
Now, my recommendation for you,
even though it might sound obvious,
is that you now take what you learned and you practice it.
You practice it at some dummy projects,
some demo projects which you build.
You can take the course projects and build up on those,
and build your own workflows.
Try out different things, be creative and experiment
because that's the best way
of learning something and of mastering something.
And of course, feel free to dive back
into some course videos or sections,
if something's not entirely clear yet, that's totally fine
and the big advantage of a video on-demand course.
But definitely practice, practice and practice
because as with everything else in life
practice makes perfect also when it comes to GitHub Actions.